DOCSP-47975: v6.14 (#1008)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 6.1 <version-6.1>`
* :ref:`Version 6.0 <version-6.0>`

.. _version-6.14:

What's New in 6.14
------------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.14 release includes the following features:

- Adds support for the ``$lookup`` aggregation stage on encrypted collections. You must

>   upgrade your ``mongodb-client-encryption`` package to v6.3 or later to use this feature.

Reviewer: S; as they use the full v in the release notes
```suggestion
  upgrade your ``mongodb-client-encryption`` package to v6.3.0 or later to use this feature.
```

- Uses the {+driver-short+}'s ``isUint8Array`` method rather than the ``util/types``

>   implementation.

Reviewer: S; rephrase as this is confusing atm

> - Removes the need to import the ``util/types`` package by specifying the {+driver-short+}'s
>   internal implementation of the ``isUint8Array`` method.

Reviewer: S: resolves the vale issue
```suggestion
- Uses the driver's implementation of the ``isUint8Array()`` method to prevent
  importing the ``util/types`` package.
```
